{\rtf1\ansi \deff2
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\fdecor Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\fmodern pica;}{\f4\fmodern Courier;}{\f5\fswiss Univers (WN);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;}
\sectd \pard \f2 \fs20 
${\footnote Table of Contents}
#{\footnote IPFToRTFContents}\par \b {\fs28 Table of Contents:}\b0 \par \ri90\qr{\uldb Index}{\v IPFToRTFIndex}\par \ri0\ql
\par\li360\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Application Help}
\par\li720\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Main Window Help}{\v 100}
\par\li720\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - List Box Help}{\v 102}
\par\li720\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Edit Menu Help}{\v 110}
\par\li1080\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Alignment Menu Help}{\v 111}
\par\li1440\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Left Command Help}{\v 112}
\par\li1440\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Center Command Help}{\v 113}
\par\li1440\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Right Command Help}{\v 114}
\par\li1080\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Text... Menu Help}{\v 199}
\par\li720\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Dialog Window Help}{\v 200}
\par\li1080\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Dialog Entry Field Help}{\v 201}
\par\li1080\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Dialog OK Button Help}{\v 202}
\par\li1080\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Dialog Cancel Button Help}{\v 203}
\par\li720\fi-180
{\uldb C++ Hello World - Keys Help Panel}{\v 1000}
\page 
${\footnote Index}
#{\footnote IPFToRTFIndex}\par \b {\fs28 Index:}\b0 \par \par 
\par\li360\fi-180
{\uldb Keys help panel}{\v 1000}
\par\li360\fi-180
{\uldb alignment help}{\v 111}
\par\li360\fi-180
{\uldb main window help}{\v 100}
\page 
\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Application Help}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Application Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This file contains the help for the C++ Hello World Application. 
\par \pard 
\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Main Window Help}
#{\footnote 100}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Main Window Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 
{K{\footnote ;main window help}}\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the main window. 
The main window contains the following areas: 
\par \pard  
\par \li270 \fi-270 {\f1 \'B7} The title bar icon, which provides access to the system menu 
\par \par \li270 \fi-270 {\f1 \'B7} The window title, which displays the title of the window 
\par \par \li270 \fi-270 {\f1 \'B7} The menu bar, which allows the user to select specific actions 
\par \par \li270 \fi-270 {\f1 \'B7} A status line, which contains the current alignment 
\par \par \li270 \fi-270 {\f1 \'B7} A client area, which is divided into three areas: 
 
\par \par \li540 \fi-270 -The first area contains the static text for "Hello, World!!!". 
\par \par \li540 \fi-270 -The second area is a graphic control that shows a graphic of the Earth 
from space with stars. 
\par \par \li540 \fi-270 -The third area contains a list box that allows the user to change the 
"Hello, World!!!" text string. 
 
\par \par \li270 \fi-270 {\f1 \'B7} Alignment push buttons, which change the alignment, and a help push 
button, which is used to request help 
\par \par \li270 \fi-270 {\f1 \'B7} An information area, which helps the user understand the current options 
of the program, including the menu bar choices 
\par  

\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - List Box Help}
#{\footnote 102}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - List Box Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the list box window. 
Selecting any item in the list box changes the "Hello, World!!!" text. 
The code that handles the list box can be found in ahellow5.cpp. 
\par \pard 
\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Edit Menu Help}
#{\footnote 110}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Edit Menu Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the Edit menu. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This submenu (MI_EDIT) can be found under the following statement in the 
resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    SUBMENU "~Edit", MI_EDIT                //Edit submenu\par  
} 
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This help panel (id=110) was linked to the menu item (MI_EDIT) 
by the following statement in the resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    HELPSUBITEM MI_EDIT, 110            //Edit menu item help ID\par  
} 

\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Alignment Menu Help}
#{\footnote 111}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Alignment Menu Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 
{K{\footnote ;alignment help}}\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the Alignment menu item. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This submenu (MI_ALIGNMENT) can be found under the following statement in the 
resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    SUBMENU "~Alignment", MI_ALIGNMENT      //Alignment submenu\par  
} 
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This help panel (id=111) was linked to the menu item (MI_ALIGNMENT) 
by the following statement in the resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    HELPSUBITEM MI_ALIGNMENT, 111       //Alignment menu item help ID\par  
} 

\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Left Command Help}
#{\footnote 112}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Left Command Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the Left alignment command. 
Selecting the Left menu item or Left push button sets the "Hello, World!!!" 
text to be left aligned. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This menu item (MI_LEFT) was created by the following statement in the 
resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    MENUITEM "~Left\\tF7",   MI_LEFT     //Left menu item - F7 key\par  
} 
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
The code that handles this menu item can be found in ahellow5.cpp under the 
following case statement: 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    case MI_LEFT:                    \par  
} 
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This help panel (id=112) was linked to the menu item (MI_LEFT) 
by the following statement in the resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    HELPSUBITEM MI_LEFT, 112            //Left command help ID\par  
} 

\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Center Command Help}
#{\footnote 113}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Center Command Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the center alignment command. 
Selecting the Center menu item or Center push button sets the 
"Hello, World!!!" text to be center aligned. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This menu item (MI_CENTER) was created by the following statement in the 
resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    MENUITEM "~Center\\tF8", MI_CENTER   //Center menu item - F8 key\par  
} 
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
The code that handles this menu item can be found in ahellow5.cpp under the 
following case statement: 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    case MI_CENTER:                     \par  
} 
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This help panel (id=113) was linked to the menu item (MI_CENTER) 
by the following statement in the resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    HELPSUBITEM MI_CENTER, 113          //Center command help ID\par  
} 

\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Right Command Help}
#{\footnote 114}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Right Command Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the right alignment command. 
Selecting the Right menu item or Right push button sets the 
"Hello, World!!!" text to be right aligned. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This menu item (MI_RIGHT) was created by the following statement in the 
resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    MENUITEM "~Right\\tF9",  MI_RIGHT    //Right menu item - F9 key\par  
} 
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
The code that handles this menu item can be found in ahellow5.cpp under the 
following case statement: 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    case MI_RIGHT:    \par  
} 
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This help panel (id=114) was linked to the menu item (MI_RIGHT) 
by the following statement in the resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    HELPSUBITEM MI_RIGHT, 114           //Right command help ID\par  
} 

\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Text... Menu Help}
#{\footnote 199}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Text... Menu Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the Text... menu item. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This menu item (MI_TEXT) was created by the following statement in the 
resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    MENUITEM "~Text...", MI_TEXT            //Text dialog menu item\par  
} 
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
The code that handles this menu item can be found in ahellow5.cpp under the 
following case statement: 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    case MI_TEXT:                      \par  
} 
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This help panel (id=199) was linked to the menu item (MI_TEXT) 
by the following statement in the resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    HELPSUBITEM MI_TEXT, 199            //Text command help ID    \par  
} 

\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Dialog Window Help}
#{\footnote 200}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Dialog Window Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the text dialog. 
\par \pard 
\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Dialog Entry Field Help}
#{\footnote 201}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Dialog Entry Field Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the entry field in the text dialog. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
The entry field is defined as textField in adialog5.hpp and 
is initialized and handled by code found in adialog5.cpp. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This help panel (id=201) was linked to this entry field (DID_ENTRY) 
by the following statement in the resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    HELPSUBITEM DID_ENTRY, 201          //Entry field help ID         \par  
} 

\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Dialog OK Button Help}
#{\footnote 202}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Dialog OK Button Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the help panel for the OK push button in the text dialog. 
Selecting this push button closes the dialog. 
Any changes made to the "Hello, World!!!" text are shown in the main 
window. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
The OK push button is defined as pushButton1 in adialog5.hpp and 
is initialized and handled by code found in adialog5.cpp. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This help panel (id=202) was linked to this push button (DID_OK) 
by the following statement in the resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    HELPSUBITEM DID_OK, 202             //OK command help ID          \par  
} 

\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Dialog Cancel Button Help}
#{\footnote 203}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Dialog Cancel Button Help\b0 \par \pard \fs20 \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the text for the Cancel push button in the text dialog. 
Selecting this button closes the dialog without changing the 
"Hello, World!!!" text. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
The Cancel push button is defined as pushButton2 in adialog5.hpp and 
is initialized and handled by code found in adialog5.cpp. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0  
This help panel (id=203) was linked to this push button (DID_CANCEL) 
by the following statement in the resource file (ahellow5.rc): 
\par \pard \par \pard \keep {\f4 \par  
    HELPSUBITEM DID_CANCEL, 203         //Cancel command help ID      \par  
} 

\page \li0 
${\footnote C++ Hello World - Keys Help Panel}
#{\footnote 1000}\par \pard \cf1 \f2 \fs28 \tx0 \b C++ Hello World - Keys Help Panel\b0 \par \pard \fs20 
{K{\footnote ;Keys help panel}}\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 This is the keys help panel. 
\par \pard \par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 The following is a list of system-provided keys: 
\par \pard \par \pard  
\par \pard \fi-900 \li900 \tx900 Alt-F4 

\tab Close window 
\par \pard \fi-900 \li900 \tx900 Alt-F7 

\tab Move window 
\par \pard \fi-900 \li900 \tx900 Alt-F8 

\tab Size window 
\par \pard \fi-900 \li900 \tx900 Alt-F9 

\tab Minimize window 
\par \pard \fi-900 \li900 \tx900 Alt-F10 

\tab Maximize window 
\par  
\par \pard \li0 \fi0 \tx0 The following is a list of application-provided keys: 
\par \pard \par \pard  
\par \pard \fi-900 \li900 \tx900 F7 

\tab Left alignment 
\par \pard \fi-900 \li900 \tx900 F8 

\tab Center alignment 
\par \pard \fi-900 \li900 \tx900 F9 

\tab Right alignment 
\par  
 

\par }
